EMAIL FROM TOM CUNDIFF TO ALEX HENDERSON:

Howdy,  
 
The ladders C2 and K2 reach from the 2nd Floor Roof to the 3rd Floor 
Bell Tower.  They are a continuation of the ladders from the 1st to 2nd 
floors.  There is no door in the shaft tower.  Consider that the Bell 
Tower at that elevation is something like an old-fashioned watch tower.  
You have to climb over the "top" of the Bell Tower rampart to drop down 
into the bell tower from the outside.  
 
For instance:

Your character is on the 2nd Floor roof.  You have to execute two Climb 
actions to reach the 3rd Floor Elevation.  In order to enter the Bell 
Tower you will have to execute one more Climb action to reach the same 
elevation as the Bell Tower Rampart.  Then you execute an Advance action 
to cross the Rampart Wall into hex D2* or H2*/3rd Floor.  When you do 
that, you automatically drop one elevation down to the 3rd Floor because 
the Rampart Wall is higher than the 3rd Floor. Well, floor.  Any 
upright character in hexes D2*, D3, E2, E3, F3, G2, G3, H2*, & H3 benefits by 
automatically earning Head Status if LOS from a character crosses the 
Rampart Walls.  Any Leg hit, obtained from a shot whose LOS crosses the 
Rampart Walls will be ignored (I intended to write rules for this but 
never got around to it).  The small brown squares that are part of the 
Rampart Wall actually are posts that support the Bell Tower Roof.  If 
LOS crosses these posts, LOS is blocked.  A character that is prone, on 
the floor of the 3rd Floor Bell Tower will have to execute Head Out/Back 
to place his head counter across the Rampart Wall or he will have no 
LOS outside of the interior of the 3rd Floor Bell Tower.  The area marked 
Open Space is the area where the bell pulls are located.  A Head 
Counter can be placed in this area, but the only place that can be seen is 
F2/Ground Elevation SM2.  
 
            Now, the 2nd Floor Roof (the area in Grey on the 2nd Floor 
card) can only be accessed by going to the Bell Tower and climbing down 
the exterior ladders back down to the 2nd Floor Roof.  It's important 
to note that the 2nd Floor card actually represents the interior 2nd 
Floor of the Bell Tower and the 2nd Floor Roof on the same card.  The 
interior of old Mission is a very high ceiling.  There is no interior 2nd 
Floor, except for inside the Bell Tower Shaft.  

            The 2nd Floor Roof has some interesting features.  The 
light grey border around it is actually a stone wall or rampart as 
described above.  However, it is not as high as the "Rampart" described on the 
3rd Floor Bell Tower.  The 2nd Floor is surrounded by a short stone 
wall which provides the same kind of cover as any other obstacle.  A 
character that is "Down" behind the wall has to put his head out in order to 
see over the wall.  Note also the Strong Dark Grey front to the Mission 
at that level.  This is a tall stone wall that reaches all the way to 
the 3rd Floor.  LOS may not cross that wall unless a character is at a 
higher elevation than the 3rd Floor.  No character may place a Head 
Counter across that wall from the 2nd Floor Roof.
 
We now go to Saint Michael's Rectory.  Note the Roof there.  There's a 
line that identifies the peak of that roof.  LOS may cross that peak 
IF:

1. Any character in a hex adjacent to the peak line and is Down must 
place a head counter across the peak line in order to obtain LOS, just as 
if the Peak Line is a window obstacle.  

2. Any character that is one hex away (not adjacent, but having one hex 
between him and the Peak (for instance F10/SM1 1st Floor Roof/2nd Floor 
Elevation) obtains automatic Head Counter Status for any shot at him 
that crosses the Peak Line (Any LEG shot automatically misses).

Hope that helps.  It's a rather long winded explanation.  Oh, by the 
way, the Wall around the cemetary on board SM3 is a higher wall than an 
obstacle.  It confers the same advantages as described above.  Any 
character on the other side of the wall, where LOs crosses the wall, 
benefits from having automatic Head Status and all Leg Hits are ignored.  A 
down character next to that wall must place a head counter in order to 
have LOS across the wall.

Take Care,
Tom 

